[v0.40.x]: Prepare Changelog & Release Notes for rc0 (#7437)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Cosmos SDK v0.40.0 "Stargate" Release Notes

This release introduces several new important updates to the Cosmos SDK. Please see below for a high level overview of the changes in this release.

> For a more detailed look at all changes see the [changelog](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md), or alternatively you can look at issues tracked in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more detailed look at all changes see the [changelog](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/v0.40.x/CHANGELOG.md), or alternatively you can look at issues tracked in 
```

- [ADR023 Protobuf Naming Conventions](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/master/docs/architecture/adr-023-protobuf-naming.md)
- [ADR027 Deterministic Protobuf Serialization](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/master/docs/architecture/adr-027-deterministic-protobuf-serialization.md)

As a high level summary these represent the following major changes to the SDK:
- New protocol buffer based encoding for all blockchain state (direct queries to tendermint now return protobuf binary encoded data, as opposed to Amino encoded data)
- New transaction signing path implemented according to ADR020 above
- Two new querier APIs (see [#5921](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/5921) for details)
  - Support for new gRPC based querier services
  - gRPC Gateway for REST querying corresponding to the new gRPC querier services

**Note:** Existing Amino REST endpoints are all preserved, though they are planned to be deprecated in a future release.

## Inter Blockchain Communication (IBC)

> The `x/ibc` module is now available and ready for use. For more details check the the  [`x/ibc/spec`](https://github.com/cosmos/tree/master/x/ibc/spec) directory:

Reviewer 2: the spec link is outdated. It should be under `x/ibc/core/spec`

Reviewer 2: It might be useful to link 3 different things here. The [ICS spec](https://github.com/cosmos/ics/tree/master/spec), the core code spec and the [IBC docs](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/tree/master/docs/ibc)?

* [ICS 002 - Client Semantics](https://github.com/cosmos/ics/tree/master/spec/ics-002-client-semantics) subpackage
* [ICS 003 - Connection Semantics](https://github.com/cosmos/ics/blob/master/spec/ics-003-connection-semantics) subpackage
* [ICS 004 - Channel and Packet Semantics](https://github.com/cosmos/ics/blob/master/spec/ics-004-channel-and-packet-semantics) subpackage
* [ICS 005 - Port Allocation](https://github.com/cosmos/ics/blob/master/spec/ics-005-port-allocation) subpackage

> * [ICS 007 - Tendermint Client](https://github.com/cosmos/ics/blob/master/spec/ics-007-tendermint-client) subpackage

Reviewer 3: `ICS 006 - Solo Machine Client` is missing
